docs: Update docker readme (#13268)
n8n-io/n8n: docker/images/n8n/README.md

- **Full Control**: Self-host with our fair-code license or use our [cloud offering](https://app.n8n.cloud/login)
- **Enterprise-Ready**: Advanced permissions, SSO, and air-gapped deployments
- **Active Community**: 400+ integrations and 900+ ready-to-use [templates](https://n8n.io/workflows)

## Contents

- [n8n - Workflow automation tool](#n8n---workflow-automation-tool)
  - [Key Capabilities](#key-capabilities)
  - [Contents](#contents)
  - [Demo](#demo)
  - [Available integrations](#available-integrations)
  - [Documentation](#documentation)
  - [Start n8n in Docker](#start-n8n-in-docker)
  - [Start n8n with tunnel](#start-n8n-with-tunnel)
  - [Use with PostgreSQL](#use-with-postgresql)
  - [Passing sensitive data using files](#passing-sensitive-data-using-files)
  - [Example server setups](#example-server-setups)
  - [Updating](#updating)
    - [Pull latest (stable) version](#pull-latest-stable-version)
    - [Pull specific version](#pull-specific-version)
    - [Pull next (unstable) version](#pull-next-unstable-version)
    - [Updating with Docker Compose](#updating-with-docker-compose)

>   - [Setting Timezone](#setting-timezone)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Setting Timezone](#setting-the-timezone)
```

  - [Build Docker-Image](#build-docker-image)
  - [What does n8n mean and how do you pronounce it?](#what-does-n8n-mean-and-how-do-you-pronounce-it)
  - [Support](#support)
  - [Jobs](#jobs)
  - [License](#license)

## Demo

This [:tv: short video (< 4 min)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RpjQTGKm-ok)  goes over key concepts of creating workflows in n8n.

## Available integrations

> n8n has 200+ different nodes to automate workflows. A full list can be found at [https://n8n.io/nodes](https://n8n.io/nodes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
n8n has 200+ different nodes to automate workflows. A full list can be found at [https://n8n.io/integrations](https://n8n.io/integrations).
```

Looks like the old link redirects here.

## Documentation

The official n8n documentation can be found at [https://docs.n8n.io](https://docs.n8n.io).

Additional information and example workflows are available on the website at [https://n8n.io](https://n8n.io).

## Start n8n in Docker

In the terminal, enter the following:

```bash
docker volume create n8n_data

docker run -it --rm \
 --name n8n \
 -p 5678:5678 \
 -v n8n_data:/home/node/.n8n \
 docker.n8n.io/n8nio/n8n
```

> This command will download all required n8n images and start your container.

Reviewer: This might be a bit confusing since this is only a single image. What do you think?

You can then access n8n by opening:
[http://localhost:5678](http://localhost:5678)

To save your work between container restarts, it also mounts a docker volume, `n8n_data`. The workflow data gets saved in an SQLite database in the user folder (`/home/node/.n8n`). This folder also contains important data like the webhook URL and the encryption key used for securing credentials.

If this data can't be found at startup n8n automatically creates a new key and any existing credentials can no longer be decrypted.

## Start n8n with tunnel

> **WARNING**: This is only meant for local development and testing and should **NOT** be used in production!

n8n must be reachable from the internet to make use of webhooks - essential for triggering workflows from external web-based services such as GitHub. To make this easier, n8n has a special tunnel service which redirects requests from our servers to your local n8n instance. You can inspect the code running this service here: [https://github.com/n8n-io/localtunnel](https://github.com/n8n-io/localtunnel)

To use it simply start n8n with `--tunnel`

```bash

> docker volume create n8n_data

Reviewer: It's nice that this command is idempotent. I didn't know that!

docker run -it --rm \
 --name n8n \
 -p 5678:5678 \
 -v n8n_data:/home/node/.n8n \
 docker.n8n.io/n8nio/n8n \
 start --tunnel
```

## Use with PostgreSQL

By default, n8n uses SQLite to save credentials, past executions and workflows. However, n8n also supports using PostgreSQL.

> Note that even when using a different database, it is still important to

Reviewer: It might be worth using the same convention here that we use for the warning above (quoted, with a bolded label). I could see people missing this on a skim.

persist the `/home/node/.n8n` folder, which also contains essential n8n
user data including the encryption key for the credentials.

In the following commands, replace these placeholders with the actual data:

> - POSTGRES_DATABASE

Reviewer: This might be a strange question, but do you think we should include the angle brackets in the listing here? Not a big deal either way, just wondering which is easier to interpret.

Author: Yeah, I dunno. I am not a big fan of using brackets to denote user data, but my usual workaround is to define envars, which would be weirdly circular here. I don't think this list is particularly effective though, perhaps we should just describe the action?

Reviewer: Yeah, I think that works. I'm a bit curious if they're all required (specifically the default schema is probably fine for most people), but I don't think we necessarily need to worry about that in this doc.

- DB_POSTGRESDB_USER_FILE
- DB_POSTGRESDB_SCHEMA_FILE

## Example server setups

Example server setups for a range of cloud providers and scenarios can be found in the [Server Setup documentation](https://docs.n8n.io/hosting/installation/server-setups/).

## Updating

Before you upgrade to the latest version make sure to check here if there are any breaking changes which may affect you: [Breaking Changes](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/blob/master/packages/cli/BREAKING-CHANGES.md)

From your Docker Desktop, navigate to the Images tab and select Pull from the context menu to download the latest n8n image.

You can also use the command line to pull the latest, or a specific version:

### Pull latest (stable) version

```bash
docker pull docker.n8n.io/n8nio/n8n
```

### Pull specific version

```bash
docker pull docker.n8n.io/n8nio/n8n:0.220.1
```

### Pull next (unstable) version

```bash
docker pull docker.n8n.io/n8nio/n8n:next
```

Stop the container and start it again:

1. Get the container ID:

```bash
docker ps -a
```

2. Stop the container with ID container_id:

```bash
docker stop [container_id]
```

> 3. Remove the container with ID container_id:

Reviewer: For peace of mind, it might be good to keep the note that this only deletes the container, not your data.

```bash
docker rm [container_id]
```

4. Start the new container:

```bash
docker run --name=[container_name] [options] -d docker.n8n.io/n8nio/n8n
```

### Updating with Docker Compose

If you run n8n using a Docker Compose file, follow these steps to update n8n:

```bash
# Pull latest version
docker compose pull

# Stop and remove older version
docker compose down

# Start the container
docker compose up -d
```

## Setting the timezone

To specify the timezone n8n should use, the environment variable `GENERIC_TIMEZONE` can

> be set. One instance where this variable is implemented is in the Schedule node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be set. One place this variable affects is the Schedule node.
```

Maybe something like this? I know you didn't write this, but I think "instance" can be overloaded in hosting contexts and "implemented" also feels like it's not the most accurate verb.

Author: what about this?
